Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
The planet Zenarita.
for many peaceful generations.
it prospered under the rule of its kings.
But with the rise of the Empire
and its oppressive policies.
the royal family began to question
the state of the galaxy.
leading to conflict.
Amidst the ensuing chaos.
the royal family
found themselves imprisoned
for conspiracy against the Empire.
A puppet regime
was subsequently established.
placing Zenarita
directly under Imperial control.
Only one member of the royalty
was able to evade capture.
Prince Arluu.
and the Empire
is now in relentless pursuit of him.
Ba'ken!
The systems on my ship won't turn on.
So. what's the deal?
Yeah. of course. they won't.
I locked you out of them.
What?
Hey. quit screwin' around!
Go. unlock it right now!
Happy to.
Just as soon as you pay
for those refurbished thrusters.
-That's when you get your ship back.
-I already paid you.
That was the old price
for parts and labor.
-It's twice that now.
-What?
It was already a rip-off.
and now you're asking for more?
Things are dicey out there.
-Costs went up.
-Bantha dung!
Easy there.
If you wanna complain.
then why don't you
take it up with the Empire?
What's wrong?
You wouldn't happen to be in trouble
with the Empire. would you?
As if you weren't the one
who got me that job in the first place.
Huh? What are you talking about?
Well. in any case.
I didn't do anything wrong.
You sleemo!
Listen. Chita.
I haven't sold you out to the Empire
because I'm a nice guy.
and I respect your skills.
Just pay up
and I'll unlock your ship's systems.
But you better hurry.
Even if I don't blow the whistle on you.
it's only a question of time
before the Empire finds you.
Pardon me.
You seem to be in a bit of trouble there.
And you are?
Someone who may be of help to you
depending on where this chat leads.
Go on.
Perhaps we can strike a deal.
I overheard your conversation
and would be more than willing
to cover your shortfall upfront
in exchange for the transport
of certain cargo.
-Ah! A job. huh?
-Yes.
And 10.000 credits upon delivery.
Ten thousand?
Really? The cargo must be
pretty important then.
Yes.
So. what is it? And where's it going?
Two people.
And the destination is any system
outside of Imperial control.
Yeah? Problems with the Empire?
Yes. Very much like your own.
Sounds like we're in the same boat.
Okay.
It's a deal.
Goghzun. we've got a job
so get back to the ship.
We're gonna be transporting
two passengers off Zenarita.
They're paying us 10.000 credits.
Yeah. it's a pretty risky job all right.
I'll fill you in when I see you.
-A 100.000? That's crazy!
-Huh?
So. they raised
Prince Arluu's bounty again.
Still. I really doubt he's walking around
in that royal getup.
Who knows
what he looks like under all of that?
I hope you are right.
Hmm?
Goghzun. what are you doing?
Huh?
Is something the matter?
Hmm.
Everything's quiet
at the port.
Proceed on your scheduled patrols...
It would be wise
if we didn't linger here for too long.
Mmm?
I have received confirmation
that your ship's systems are unlocked now.
But it would appear that reaching it
will be quite the difficult task.
-Also. we have one more problem.
-Another one?
I hate to break it to you.
but my co-pilot just bailed on us.
-I can take his place.
-Huh?
I have a pilot's license.
Specifically for Republic Cruisers.
Might that be of any use?
Yeah. I think that'll work.
You've flied Republic cruisers?
This young man is an aspiring pilot.
And he's the other person
you'll be transporting.
It's a pleasure to meet you.
Hmm. Same here.
Now. we only need
a way to board the ship.
Well. marching right in
would get us killed.
It'd be a different story
if we had a Jedi.
Unfortunately. the Jedi are no more.
I know.
They all got purged after some
failed takeover attempt. right?
So says the Empire.
Don't buy it either?
-I've got it.
-Hmm?
I believe that we may be able
to gain entry into Hangar Bay 51
through the maintenance tunnels.
-Really?
-I know the path well.
I often used it to sneak out
or rather to sneak in
for some additional piloting practice.
Sounds good. Lead the way.
We should hurry.
Heh.
-Please. hold on! Wait a minute.
-What?
What's going on?
-Let's find out.
-Hey. wait!
It's the Empire.
-It's not smart for you to be here. kid.
-Why not?
They're goin' out there
and arresting everyone around your age.
Anyone who looks like Prince Arluu.
And you fit the bill.
Huh?
Oh.
You've got the wrong person.
That's my son you're taking.
-How can he be the Prince?
-Dreadful.
It's just a normal day for the Empire.
We better get out of here.
Mother!
Hey. why'd you push her?
-Do not resist.
-Don't shoot him. please.
Hey. Hey. Away!
-Mother!
-Enough of this.
Stop this!
-Dank!
-Watch out!
Huh?
Hmm.
Everyone. I suggest you stay back.
We've encountered resistance.
send backup...
Huh?
-Thank you.
-Are you hurt?
No. Thank you. I'm fine.
You guys were amazing.
I can't believe my eyes. Prince Arluu?
Uh... Huh?
I am.
Huh?
-Highness?
-I refuse to lie to them.
You have to leave now.
My mother's right.
They'll be back before long.
But what of you?
Don't worry. we can manage.
Hey!
-Use this to get away!
-Thanks a lot!
Please. go.
Hmm.
Hang on.
I never guessed
you were the prince this whole time.
Head for the walker.
-What?
-We need to lead it away.
Respectfully. that's not smart.
I insist.
If you say so.
Looks like we lost it.
Who the hell is that guy?
Unfortunately. it's a bounty hunter.
He is rather quick.
Quit complimenting him and sit down!
What's your plan?
-We jump.
-Jump?
Yeah!
Huh?
Are you hurt?
We're all right.
-Are you Prince Arluu?
-I am.
What?
He's mine.
You're worth more alive.
Why don't you just come along quietly?
-I refuse.
-Figures.
Things aren't looking too good right now.
Stay back. both of you.
What's your plan?
-We break through.
-We break through?
Allow me.
-Hmm.
Where'd he go?
-It would appear he fled.
-Huh?
Does this mean you're a...
Those explosions
have likely alerted other troopers.
Yeah. you're right.
Let's go.
This way. Huh?
-I'm sorry.
-Hmph.
All systems are good. You got this?
It's an older model.
-I've never flown one. but it'll do.
-Stellar!
Huh?
Something's on our rear.
It's the bounty hunter who fled.
I'd wager.
He's stubborn. Not bad.
But we should be able to shake him off
when we hit hyperspace.
-I don't think that will work.
-Why not?
An Imperial Star Destroyer
is blocking our flight path.
What? How'd they find us so fast?
The bounty hunter
undoubtedly alerted them.
Bantha dung!
All right. that's way too big to avoid.
We'll just slip around the rear.
-We can't do that.
-Why not?
We should just change course for now.
Guess we've got no choice.
Missiles!
-They're locking on.
-I know!
Nicely done.
Too easy.
TIE fighters. incoming.
-More missiles.
-I'll put 'em to use.
Full power to engines!
Way too slow.
Did you honestly intend to leave
without even so much as a goodbye?
Gleenu. I...
That's fine.
Can I at least convince you
to accept your payment?
You plan to take Zenarita back.
You'll need money for that. right?
-I suppose so.
-To tell the truth.
the Empire also made a mess of my planet
and my family right along with it.
It was awful.
I guess you aren't the only ones
holding a grudge.
So I see.
Gleenu. you're a Jedi. aren't you?
-That's all in the past now.
-The past?
On the day
of that great betrayal.
I wasn't able to save my fellow Jedi.
I would have shared
their fate if not for the King.
From then on. I made a vow I would serve
Zenarita instead of the Jedi Order.
I had no choice but to unseal my saber
when we escaped.
-So please...
-Hmm.
-You're here at last.
-Huh?
Thank you for delaying
her departure. Gleenu.
Don't be angry.
Besides. isn't it rather cold of you
to leave without saying a word?
Oh. No. I wasn't trying
to be cold or anything.
More to the point.
Hold on. What point?
I actually have another job for you.
What?
Perhaps you should rethink
how you make this request.
-What?
-Huh? Indeed.
Uh...
Chita. I need you now more than ever.
I want you to come with us.
I wish to liberate the youth of Zenarita
so they could join the Rebellion.
And for that. we need a skilled smuggler.
Well. then. shall we go?
You got it.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm